hi guys welcome back to gateway to it my
name is Neal today I'd like to talk
about used vehicles did you know that
the used vehicle market in Canada is
twice as large as the new vehicle market
so why is it that so many new car
dealers aren't active players in it I
don't get it eat way too Allah is one of
Alberta's largest used vehicle retailers
why because we understand the used
vehicle business and why do people buy
used vehicles to save money it's as
simple as that when looking for a used
vehicle customers all have different
wants needs and price ranges therefore
selection is key as a Toyota dealer
we obviously specialize in used Toyotas
through trades lease returns and Toyota
program cars we have a great selection
of all years and models of used Toyotas
but often we take in off make trades
that are fantastic vehicles these may be
any brand we'll keep them if they're in
good shape and they're worth selling a
gateway Toyota we inspect every vehicle
trade-in and least return to see if it's
worth selling you see we want you to be
happy with your vehicle purchase so if
it's not worth selling we don't sell it
once it's determined worthy for sale
it's mechanically reconditioned
meticulously detailed and made available
for sale with non Toyota brands we are
equipped with electronic diagnostic
tools and technical service bulletins to
ensure they too are serviced properly
does this mean that every used vehicle
you purchase from us will never have a
problem no but we will significantly
reduce the chances you see there are
many wear items on vehicles that are
inspected like belts tires and brake
pads and it is easy to determine if they
still meet manufacturer's specifications
other items like a water pump for
example can be working upon inspection
and then fail the next week with no
warning this is no one's fault it just
happens sometimes
that's why we back all of our vehicles
with a 30-day comprehensive warranty or
exchange privileges for those people who
would like peace of mind beyond our
30-day guarantee we do offer a wide
range of warranties these have varying
levels of coverage over different time
periods to suit any budget when shopping
and comparing used vehicles it's
important to look at the entire value
proposition
the sweet taste of a good price can
quickly sour as unforeseen repairs
arrive history wear and tear mileage and
reconditioning all become part of the
equation if you don't know the history
of that vehicle when it comes time to
sell or trade you may get a shock a
lower value may be offered if the
vehicle has a large accident on its
record always deal with a place that is
willing to show you the known history of
the vehicle that you're considering here
in Gateway we provide car proof vehicle
history reports on all of our vehicles
that we sell at no charge to the
potential customer we will also
willingly share our own vehicle
inspection review the reconditioning
work completed and the service history
if the vehicle has been a regular at our
facility and please drive it before you
buy it
to summarize purchasing a used vehicle
will save you money but to insure it
doesn't cost you more down the road make
sure you're dealing with a place that
properly reconditioned its vehicles
openly shares the vehicles history and
stands behind
you